hey everyone so I know it's not friday
but i do have some Funko figures to
review with you as you can see I got big
Macintosh and Applejack the hot topic
pre-releases finally finally yesterday
they called because we were on myth
numbers list for when they finally got
him in store to be called and they got
some so I finally got them and then I
got this little um pack of playing cards
so that i could get enough to get the
hot cash the hot topic hot cash that you
can redeem later anyway so a stop start
off with big macintosh who is now big
macintosh you take a look at his box his
little rainbow that's like a dark red
lighter red and orange color and his
little um silhouette our trick here his
full body art work on the top with his
name and this rainbow of colors and on
the back as the regular my little pony
and Funko so I'm gonna open him up cuz
these guys are really easy just to pop
out
oh he's so cool yeah this kind of cool
hairdo going on he is he's not as heavy
as I would have thought he would have
been since he's like bigger but he's
pretty heavy still I love that his
hooves are like the different color and
then you got the fluffy hooves and his
green eyes and little freckles on each
side and this little um farmers yoke
thing the details on him are great his
apple yeah so he's cool so excited to
get him and now um to Applejack here's
her little box and she has red orange
and yellow rainbow her silhouette
artwork and then her full body full body
art work on top with her rainbow colors
so get her out of the box yeah
here she is and she looks awesome also
hmm anyway she gots her little freckles
and her hat looks cool she gots her hair
and her big tit ponytail yeah these two
are awesome they look great together I
cannot wait to get rare I'm really
looking forward to rarity but i love
these two are an awesome addition to
Funko collection and yes I can open up
these and show you guys the some of the
cards real quick
we can figure out just take the plastic
thing and then on the back it says
officially licensed deck of playing
cards featuring 52 unique images of the
my little pony cast so these should be
cool okay here we go a spike Joker huh
oh it says their name right there big
Macintosh
so yeah I think that's basic Oh doctor
whooves yay wait toidy cool oh this cord
Royal Guard yeah let's cut speak so yeah
it seems like the name cards and the
Joker are always going to be the main
mean five and then the lower suit of
cards are the other ones oh there's
Trixie Zecora so yeah that is it for
today thank you guys for watching I hope
you enjoyed this unboxing and review of
the two newest Funko vinyl figures
Applejack and Big Macintosh um yeah so
have a great day be sure to subscribe
like and comment and you can also follow
me on Facebook Instagram and Twitter and
I have to shout outs to give out now ok
so the shout outs for this video are
Abigail carne in Monster High lover for
32 thank you guys for your awesome
comments and here's your shoutout and if
anybody else wants shoutouts just ask
and I can do that and ok so thank you
guys and see you later bye